README.md, before:

# Improv Book Catalog System

This project processes improv books from PDF, extracts theoretical frameworks and exercises into a structured catalog, and generates jam plans through interactive dialogue.

## Overview

The system works with PDF books to:
1. Extract chapters from PDF files
2. Extract frameworks (theoretical concepts) and exercises from each chapter
3. Store everything in a structured catalog table (markdown format)
4. Generate jam plans through interactive dialogue (via Cursor chat)
5. Translate catalog entries and jam plans to Russian when needed

## Setup

1. Create virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python3 -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Set up environment variables:
   Create a `.env` file in the project root:
   ```
   ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```

## Project Structure

```
improv_ucb/
├── src/
│   ├── pdf_processor.py              # PDF reading and chapter extraction
│   ├── framework_exercises_extractor.py  # Extract frameworks and exercises
│   ├── catalog_manager.py            # Manage catalog CSV file
│   ├── translator.py                 # Selective Russian translation
│   └── jam_generator.py              # Generate PDF jam plans
├── data/
│   ├── books/                        # Store book PDFs
│   ├── chapters/                     # Extracted chapter text (English)
│   └── catalog.csv                   # Main catalog table (CSV format)
├── output/
│   └── jam_plans/                    # Generated PDF jam plans
└── archive/                          # Old scripts (archived)
```

## Workflow

### 1. Process a Chapter

Request via Cursor chat: "Process chapter 1"

The system will:
- Extract chapter text from PDF → `data/chapters/chapter_1.md`
- Extract frameworks and exercises using LLM
- Add entries to `data/catalog.csv` (English only)

### 2. Catalog Structure

The catalog (`data/catalog.csv`) is a CSV file with:
- **Chapter**: Chapter number
- **Page(s)**: Page number where concept/exercise appears
- **Type**: Framework or Exercise
- **Name**: Name/title
- **Description (EN)**: English description
- **Description (RU)**: Russian description (translated on-demand)
- **How-to/Instructions (EN)**: How to apply/use (English)
- **How-to/Instructions (RU)**: How to apply/use (Russian, translated on-demand)

### 3. Generate Jam Plan

Request via Cursor chat: "Create jam plan for chapters 1-2"

The system will:
- Show brief summary of available frameworks and exercises
- Ask questions (duration, focus, group size, etc.)
- Generate jam plan using catalog + chapter content
- Create PDF in `output/jam_plans/`

### 4. Translation

Translation happens selectively:
- Catalog entries: Translated when needed (only Description and How-to fields)
- Jam plans: Translated to Russian when generating final PDF
- Chapters: Kept in English (not translated)

## Key Features

- **On-demand processing**: Only process chapters when requested
- **Selective translation**: Only translate what's needed
- **Structured catalog**: Single source of truth for frameworks and exercises
- **Interactive jam planning**: Dialogue-based via Cursor chat
- **PDF output**: Direct PDF generation for jam plans

## Usage via Cursor Chat

All operations are done through Cursor chat interface:

1. **Process chapter**: "Process chapter 1"
2. **View catalog**: "Show me frameworks from chapter 1"
3. **Create jam plan**: "Create jam plan for chapters 1-2"
4. **Translate**: "Translate catalog entries for chapter 1 to Russian"

## Dependencies

- `anthropic` - Anthropic API client
- `pdfplumber` - PDF text extraction
- `reportlab` - PDF generation (or `weasyprint` as alternative)
- `python-dotenv` - Environment variable management

## Important Implementation Notes

### For AI Assistant (Cursor):

**DO NOT create unnecessary files:**
- Do NOT create test scripts, demo files, or temporary helper files
- Do NOT create documentation files like IMPROVEMENTS.md, NOTES.md, etc.
- All documentation goes in this README.md only
- Only create files that are part of the actual system (in `src/`, `data/`, `output/`)

**Chapter Extraction:**
- Each chapter includes exercises at the END, often in a "Chapter Review" or exercises section
- For the Upright Citizens Brigade book, chapter boundaries are stored once in `data/ucb_chapter_pages.csv`:
  - Columns: `unit_type, chapter_number, title, book_start, book_end, pdf_start, pdf_end`
  - Book and PDF pages follow a simple rule: `pdf_page = book_page + 1`
  - Example row: Chapter 2 → `book_start=38, book_end=63, pdf_start=39, pdf_end=64`
- `PDFProcessor.save_chapter()` first tries to use this CSV mapping (deterministic, human-verified ranges) and falls back to automatic chapter detection when no CSV entry exists
- Always verify the full chapter is extracted including the final pages with exercises

**Exercise Extraction:**
- Exercises are formatted as "EXERCISE: [NAME]" in the book
- Always use the EXACT exercise name as it appears after "EXERCISE:"
- Look for boxed sections with INSTRUCTIONS and PURPOSE/PURPOSES headings
- Scan the entire chapter text including the end where exercises are typically located
- Do NOT paraphrase exercise names - use the original book names
- **Known Issue**: Boxed exercises may have poor OCR quality from PDF extraction
  - Text in formatted boxes often comes out garbled/corrupted
  - Exercise entries may be created with estimated page numbers
  - **Solution**: Manually verify all exercise entries against the original PDF
  - Update page numbers and descriptions as needed

## Technical Notes

- The system uses Anthropic Claude Haiku 4.5 for extraction and translation
- No CLI interface - all interaction via Cursor chat
- Image processing workflow has been archived (no longer needed)
- Chapter boundaries are detected automatically from PDF structure
  - When a CSV page map (like `data/ucb_chapter_pages.csv`) exists, it takes precedence over automatic detection for that book

## Development Log

See [WORK_LOG.md](WORK_LOG.md) for detailed development history, design decisions, and next steps.

Commit message:

Enhance PDF extraction with auto-detection for low-quality text. Added heuristics in `PDFProcessor` to trigger OCR when base text is deemed corrupted based on configurable thresholds. Updated `README.md` to reflect new features and regenerated Chapter 2 content to include missing review text and exercises.

README.md, after:

# Improv Book Catalog System

This project processes improv books from PDF, extracts theoretical frameworks and exercises into a structured catalog, and generates jam plans through interactive dialogue.

## Overview

The system works with PDF books to:
1. Extract chapters from PDF files
2. Extract frameworks (theoretical concepts) and exercises from each chapter
3. Store everything in a structured catalog table (markdown format)
4. Generate jam plans through interactive dialogue (via Cursor chat)
5. Translate catalog entries and jam plans to Russian when needed

## Setup

1. Create virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python3 -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Set up environment variables:
   Create a `.env` file in the project root:
   ```
   ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```

## Project Structure

```
improv_ucb/
├── src/
│   ├── pdf_processor.py              # PDF reading and chapter extraction
│   ├── framework_exercises_extractor.py  # Extract frameworks and exercises
│   ├── catalog_manager.py            # Manage catalog CSV file
│   ├── translator.py                 # Selective Russian translation
│   └── jam_generator.py              # Generate PDF jam plans
├── data/
│   ├── books/                        # Store book PDFs
│   ├── chapters/                     # Extracted chapter text (English)
│   └── catalog.csv                   # Main catalog table (CSV format)
├── output/
│   └── jam_plans/                    # Generated PDF jam plans
└── archive/                          # Old scripts (archived)
```

## Workflow

### 1. Process a Chapter

Request via Cursor chat: "Process chapter 1"

The system will:
- Extract chapter text from PDF → `data/chapters/chapter_1.md`
- Extract frameworks and exercises using LLM
- Add entries to `data/catalog.csv` (English only)

### 2. Catalog Structure

The catalog (`data/catalog.csv`) is a CSV file with:
- **Chapter**: Chapter number
- **Page(s)**: Page number where concept/exercise appears
- **Type**: Framework or Exercise
- **Name**: Name/title
- **Description (EN)**: English description
- **Description (RU)**: Russian description (translated on-demand)
- **How-to/Instructions (EN)**: How to apply/use (English)
- **How-to/Instructions (RU)**: How to apply/use (Russian, translated on-demand)

### 3. Generate Jam Plan

Request via Cursor chat: "Create jam plan for chapters 1-2"

The system will:
- Show brief summary of available frameworks and exercises
- Ask questions (duration, focus, group size, etc.)
- Generate jam plan using catalog + chapter content
- Create PDF in `output/jam_plans/`

### 4. Translation

Translation happens selectively:
- Catalog entries: Translated when needed (only Description and How-to fields)
- Jam plans: Translated to Russian when generating final PDF
- Chapters: Kept in English (not translated)

## Key Features

- **On-demand processing**: Only process chapters when requested
- **Selective translation**: Only translate what's needed
- **Structured catalog**: Single source of truth for frameworks and exercises
- **Interactive jam planning**: Dialogue-based via Cursor chat
- **PDF output**: Direct PDF generation for jam plans

## Usage via Cursor Chat

All operations are done through Cursor chat interface:

1. **Process chapter**: "Process chapter 1"
2. **View catalog**: "Show me frameworks from chapter 1"
3. **Create jam plan**: "Create jam plan for chapters 1-2"
4. **Translate**: "Translate catalog entries for chapter 1 to Russian"

## Dependencies

- `anthropic` - Anthropic API client
- `pdfplumber` - PDF text extraction
- `reportlab` - PDF generation (or `weasyprint` as alternative)
- `python-dotenv` - Environment variable management

## Important Implementation Notes

### For AI Assistant (Cursor):

**DO NOT create unnecessary files:**
- Do NOT create test scripts, demo files, or temporary helper files
- Do NOT create documentation files like IMPROVEMENTS.md, NOTES.md, etc.
- All documentation goes in this README.md only
- Only create files that are part of the actual system (in `src/`, `data/`, `output/`)

**Chapter Extraction:**
- Each chapter includes exercises at the END, often in a "Chapter Review" or exercises section
- For the Upright Citizens Brigade book, chapter boundaries are stored once in `data/ucb_chapter_pages.csv`:
  - Columns: `unit_type, chapter_number, title, book_start, book_end, pdf_start, pdf_end`
  - Book and PDF pages follow a simple rule: `pdf_page = book_page + 1`
  - Example row: Chapter 2 → `book_start=38, book_end=63, pdf_start=39, pdf_end=64`
- `PDFProcessor.save_chapter()` first tries to use this CSV mapping (deterministic, human-verified ranges) and falls back to automatic chapter detection when no CSV entry exists
- Always verify the full chapter is extracted including the final pages with exercises
- The PDF extractor auto-detects low-quality text (symbol soup, too few words) and forces an OCR re-read of those pages. Adjust the thresholds via `PDFProcessor` constructor args if another book needs different heuristics.

**Exercise Extraction:**
- Exercises are formatted as "EXERCISE: [NAME]" in the book
- Always use the EXACT exercise name as it appears after "EXERCISE:"
- Look for boxed sections with INSTRUCTIONS and PURPOSE/PURPOSES headings
- Scan the entire chapter text including the end where exercises are typically located
- Do NOT paraphrase exercise names - use the original book names
- **Known Issue**: Boxed exercises may have poor OCR quality from PDF extraction
  - Text in formatted boxes often comes out garbled/corrupted
  - Exercise entries may be created with estimated page numbers
  - **Solution**: Manually verify all exercise entries against the original PDF
  - Update page numbers and descriptions as needed

## Technical Notes

- The system uses Anthropic Claude Haiku 4.5 for extraction and translation
- No CLI interface - all interaction via Cursor chat
- Image processing workflow has been archived (no longer needed)
- Chapter boundaries are detected automatically from PDF structure
  - When a CSV page map (like `data/ucb_chapter_pages.csv`) exists, it takes precedence over automatic detection for that book

## Development Log

See [WORK_LOG.md](WORK_LOG.md) for detailed development history, design decisions, and next steps.
