# Extracted Text from IMG_0357

**Confidence:** 38.35%

**Word Count:** 514

---

ee ee ee ae ae PAS hs ig CRE EE Eee TS 5 Wa at, and! Wher ©Of aigcey, Pod oe es BRE an Be
Ce CEE ee «cay su establishing. k bo be specie OEE eRaT When, fo a
eee pes [ahs SSO tee inte ity WalinelP Yn yg choices based on younoy, Py gata. A a aes

ee ee es ees 2 possible BPS gen eric:ones: - ke your: choices: personal. Being | \ Wey f) oe SE Ra
eee ee LS poe Seder Posed DORs oso Ss oy than REESE ce ge CY EES SURE Ae Se de ae i eceanire aan Cons Be Og ne ion eg
Se a Eafe experiences Ne  sognes engacine and relatable. poe Soke ae oe eae
ee ee ee val wil make Far Gare in‘less time: : | \ \) Ot A OF { So es
es ae ae Poe eee | DO Sere mead ee SSS eee cu pees epee eee ee
Soe ee aerneeees pened bee 3 ee ecard The FAME YOU R:CHARACT: ae pear ieee ee TT mia ee “ Poe ae :
cee 3 ee ose eos Pe a eg eae See re E<Ttis good:-to Me tu deste: 6. A es ue ibe: easy. to.identify as ‘the: : ae Dae esd BONNE SS Bereta Ee oe
Se i cutee See Bees Re Sestart.o SE SRE EE EG Ns ee DOS Cd en” oreo § Ne oS
ee ee our Pe te ac eae eee “ Jongform progresses. eccaae — ee oo aes poo NE Ee ge
el © establish the Who, ‘What, and Where. ‘They erroneously feel that by Bo I pe ot
ECR PS ASS ote el Bags eet out OF. OL Ge ee ideas. a eee OS I a
BE ers Ins Le EES ane ‘establishin g the Who,Wh at, and Wh ere, they ave forcing t 2EM 10s Be ge SR ee
ECs at nee ir eaine®: This 1s not the ease, In fact, there is nothing rn
ee ran fee wong with One sebroviser establishing ‘the. Who, Wt dat, and Wherein’ ee
es ae th Reo es eon e ne. Establishing the Who;.Wh al, and Where quickly is not sélfish. mo PSs Se Qe p: 2D mk
ee © Nes eauivalent “? priming a eanvas before you paint, By providing re |
Se foo oo any details about the Who, V Vhat, and: W here as:you can early.on,." PE Os HEN, (FN
cS ee en alieeaee ae ae “vans the scene and elimir nating-confu sion.Make choices een ear LOS ey
ee) ees ge eiisen: Make choices Se PS os eet eee
eS Conversely, don't aig cpm J Oe Po ag pe Pref i
a Nee BEE 2 Scene. Give the are wy eene partner as they are‘initiating:a:.- ey eae Ne Mee eee
ee a EGS NS pe as ee CEE 8 EERE Ge ae OURS EAE ESE UE NTE SPS ee PoE AAS SEA ARAL a i eee ee pean
Recor a a eae eer err ee ee ee ee CSE ie creas nn JeSe MUS es
