# Extracted Text from IMG_0352

**Confidence:** 48.17%

**Word Count:** 389

---

ao iss feta that mivvors,or, complements it, If they.establish something:about the <2 00 leis. Eee ieee
Be erate “envionment, be in.thiat environment as well; and establish ‘something... eee ea eee
ae poole else-about it if possible, "60 er ne es (EEE
est oo Mow example, if you'start:by. washing dishes,.we can assume that you ls Eger eee
ar kitchen. Your scehe partner doesn’t necessarily. have to mirror. 2 os Ee
PSEA tos) “this choice, but they must acknowledge tt. If they. choose to start drying. 8 gee
eas f po an ase “os dishes, they-have established-basic physical agreement. Both characters... 5... enna eer
tay (dy BIE EE SE Ie Ra re GT ae EE Cee go Ea Nearer pes eee ee LES LE
Se - * (Oy, ifyour scene partner initiates‘by tearing off.an order slipand. 0)... Berney ee
ae pe |. 9. flipping a burger, you'can-come ‘to physical agreement with them»by: 028000 0. fee LE LG
ae _.-‘.: choosing to: be another short-order cook lowéring some fries into olor av 0, eee ey
ae ; “- Wwaitressspicking up-dishes: Se oy HIE So ee:
Di [0 Most Long Form:shows.will involve a few chairs:onstage. Through: Lg
me baste nonverbal cues: andthe manipulation of these-chairs, important: 8 Se
He | o.8: 0 4. choices about the physical environment can-be made, and you will "ee yee
get oy cles have anopportunity. to.start your: seené with physical agreement...) IGS
ree | Tf your scene partner sets:two chairs'close together. facing the audience, . «| EE ees
pet i «2°. “sits'down, and: mimes-holding a:steering- wheel, you can'come to: ee ee ae ee
soy , “physical agreement by simply sitting-down ih the passenger-seathe or
asi so ghe has‘ereated: If'your scene partner-sets two chairs facingeach other... Eee eee
So po and: points to the otherichair, you can:come to:physical agreement with 00. Foe
ro Sf EE them simply by sitting in:'that other: Chair. oc a epee ee
ae an ee ene You want:to be aware of these-physical cues so that youcan always ee a ee
<0} se start off your, scenes.in-agreement. If you choose to‘simply watch: the 0.000000 Pe
ae activity of your scene partner instead of doing something that fits with: ~~...) | eee eee
on that activity, you're missing your first opportunity to Yes And thereby ©
aoe o>. beginning to‘build the base reality.of your.scene 0200. ONES ee
