# Extracted Text from IMG_0347

**Confidence:** 33.66%

**Word Count:** 333

---

fer the Re ee rey
Bo : eo Te is amportant to pele eke cy 2 ere ee
Chon 5 Saying the words "Yes And? Vofors oo nn ene not mean Literally). 00.) RR es Se
oe one ce . : ; os ole : oe ue anus 7¢ pore you add'néw. information: eee ‘ oe : os erat ta See ee
iddle.of (ER ed 2 ee
pportant > Suggestion: "balloon ee ee
ce ~  . Playér-T mimes knoclns ott awk ee ee Rolo Fe an I ene
ae ; i nr ieee co) i IY: Plavar O-Ariie Le SUS Le ee ee
PS be Pe aS Moe eS “mocking on a door : Player.2 ‘answers the ddore 000.98 20 2 ee
ee PLAYER TS 9 "HE Pra thé aocicicc icc Co es Re
ore eee PRAYER 256.020 “Ves. Snd the bide sce tcc pe ES So eS
apeople — Ae ee ne ie Mids are all in the recroomhaving.cake.. eee
acre ea Ree os ANG 1C@. Creamy. oe ie Be a Se a oe eee ee
both ~..° oe Se IE ea aS SUR a dd Oe Sa ns SE Sieh ea Sesh fae SE Re a Oe oR Se Se ee
oie a: a Bre tamble: we have used the words "Ves" and “And” Ini os gee ee ee
ene ~v' Player 2's response. However; in performance, Yes And-ing will look: "2 s0¢- 003." (BBE ee Se
BOT /.» s..something more like this) 60 0 ae ee ees ee
sj] i EXAMPLE 2.0000 oe ee
tenn i Uh a ~~ Suggestion: = balloon: 2.0 oe0 Rae Se ee TE e E
om Player] mimes knocking on.a-door. Player 2 answers the door. ee
cee A po PLAYER 22. 0°. “Great! The kids areallin'the recroom-havingcake.. |... EE esa ee se
Geaieees po Se ae SANs URE Ge ““and'icecream.” oo re ge
Be _ =. Hkxample’l. While the words “Yes”. and“And’ werent literally said, |e
A po ons still employed or 02 a I
