# Extracted Text from IMG_0345

**Confidence:** 39.11%

**Word Count:** 356

---

ae aera (Ee eeny ee te ee
Ven ENR Fete Ot eee eee ee vo AN TING |: Joni 0 ERR EN
Wa be re ee oe a eee a at en es EET oe
ae t YOur - | nena Ce agra oP SD 8 ea ES SEs Pe ais aeons EE OR eS BQ Se Ee ies OO SSS
bes to. a ee eae ave: CO ee oe a] Moa Be 45 Epi PPR ME OEE ED PERRET
innings of ets tS ee ee eee vee oe eee EES Sa
Le en oh Pee Kee MP ee ey: Ae Wee erie eee acto ela et pete Cape eres Ss
forwakd - ee ee
Wo 0 Pe he NS cia ce isco nati idil Piece hae Pisco done vi eee Eide RRO Scenes SRC ae
ends: If: po EE eS Se SE RE EE NESE UN a a Seda pertain See Cee te eee
fae ae i oS BO: DEBI LOS And ~1N8; you néed 4 first dine for :your-scene; The first.liné 0 eae Onna
ry. Yes. | of anamprov, scérie is-calléed the initiation, Although you could:conjitre ee
ea |. this out of nothing, the initiation is usually inspired by. a'suggestion =< a
foe >... provided by. someone other than‘the performers; A-suggestion is taken: - 0 LEE ey
WER |... fox two reasons. First, the suggestion serves:as inspiration for the 0 ee
Peg ws So Emprovisers: Sécond, it proves that, théy-are indeed improvising and’ <0 0. FRc
ple of / 2" thatthe scéné has not been scriptedy 9 eke ee ee Fees
hed. ; . 7. When you get a suggestion, you want to:notice the connection you... emer
ality: . Pe - ammediately make to it in-your mind,-and thentsé that connection to; ee
Lwhen | _./.fashion-an initiation: ‘The suggestion: may. or: may: not be usedin thes) ees
ae | jnitiation, depending on the'connection you have made; =
her. . j .  T£ “balloon” made you think of how your mother-used to tie, 60) 0
ae is 9° “the followingimitiations 0
Ba | = <a [nitiation One: + “I'm going to tie the balloon around your
