# Extracted Text from IMG_0361

**Confidence:** 50.63%

**Word Count:** 500

---

che ee ee ae Se ee
ee OES age eB chain tte ea ae eee eee SOIR TOADS Ges Soa oe OMe os hie Se
elps. peop een ee chouldivt be underestimated. Novice improvisers often find i BANG f De) Rett ees
sien Pe En “chatter until something catehes because they feel uncomfortable nev ee ee ———=
Ms-of [ow ee palbangonstage. oe pn ECS See Bolg pak i ee
can | poe BP he Da Sy Bi ph een ee ee ere ea ee
h-the. Myon Object work allows ‘you to analyze what has beén'establishedsin your 8 ee ee
oe ee - seene while giving the audience the impression that the fiction of the 0 ane ee aie ree
miliay | ae will look like’a cHaracter.who has taken’a natural’pause intheir See,
Be “conversation while continuing to do their qotiginy Mean gmprovisees See ee
ee Po ed you shouldn't feel exposed as you do this thinkin g because'the audience’ mI eerie ore es Ge
ae self poe 8 isn’t really-watching you; they. are watching-a character. (008i a Se Be ee oreo eee
s (Lets say votre in a'scene where you are playin gainechanic, Youand | ES Sse ee
yo .  YOULScene partner have just gotten a:buge laugh from the audience’ 8 ee Cee
on... ts that you feel could be your first unusual thin ng, but:you‘arent quite.” Peo ge a ee
ae gute how to 8 wild onthe mome nt. There ave any numberof object Work ce ee
indit: pes choices youcould make at this momient to keep your audience engaged I ee es ieee Le
aes ne - Gm the scene. Open the hood of a car and take a look at the engine ha cP yiste ve 3 ee
os joo.» Gbeek the tire pressure. Pick up a wrench and work on an exposed es eee eee ee
eS poo oe engi 12 block. All | of thesé moves could easily be made while you thin’ Rg eS ge eae
Po, ; . . *. ofyeur response; ‘and your audience will feel-that they re watching a. 8 eo aS
she: os, en: mechani e-behave exactly as.a ‘mechanic does: Tf you'don’t:do anythin: LBs ee Fe =
ie Poe ~ theaudience will quieldy lose confidence in you and most Hic'y S°° re
y. wall: poo) -you-think inking. If you are doing-object. work confidently, the audience will” ee
ae | 0 “have patience, sy COE GEE EES oa ee ee =
cee pA EE Note: The objects that you'create.during the base reality portion ofthe... SRE a=
pepe |. 5 'seene may become useful later in the Game pontion.of the scene when you SS
aber ian ee ee © One additional note: Sometimes your object work ma) BO Be Oe EG ee
MY fs “unintentional laughs. Do: not get seduced by those easy laughsand ee
hy fe eee roc ana the only funn aopees four seenes Use JOU abe ee
ee comedic ideaseem real. gs le A ee
Mp ORE ee ee ee
