# Extracted Text from IMG_0355

**Confidence:** 34.30%

**Word Count:** 702

---

BO EI a a andivefenring tothe arrival of Ct Sy
TIM oc a secrane to PAYEE | atnisecente 1 SDO7E Rema  e
ee e|| ie we can eee ge a specific Where with the next fg
She Ty eae Seiad ee Ve oe les ai ober COUP ET ant 2 rg heS. A SP a ee dey. LS PEAVER Qe oo ae
RR SSE cC nie oa SLE 4 ' Pee AMORDST ce 4 han establisncr es ory: urrently an their. kitchen.) - oe P LAYER 4: ate!
ee haa eestor eed | 1 sere eR ne a “Ear to, rae ee Player 1 Has once
SEE ERE A STE TO Hi DEEP ARETE ES US Nr Pegi pie in-which twe PDFON sere aah : to-establish po = Amitlation: Note the
Ree Sle sone Ser OA | ee EE Ra os ST Te KAIMPLE ios eee A To a gags oS DOOR page eta en ne
ee eee ee ere eee Pao ie Hos Nourlels'see pe athe frst'three:lnes. way ke : ~ both verbal-and ph
eh eg ee eta PEL a see oo et IE a ET Ms ES a - 30. “both naming pice
RE Cares Bee Pee: is PARE Be “strong Who, Whal 2 PRONE Sea ae aby Se SS ge aso ne Doth naming. his &
Se PSSA MMS SOR ss RESO Ses Ue a Ue ES SRO nee Using the other ch
SE ES age ooh EP So Oe EXAM PLE 2.20: SAREE eng Us ee OEE ee? nab Out this report L
TPES Eo ag TINE Cs oe oe eee iran a ey SeI Se EU A  ! Player: has @ hip
OI saver ts © Ste chickemsdones | Player ty Player
St eee ee ee | ee oY BLAYER 25 ““Great;. [love chicken!..0 _. .. «this seéne is abou:
ee ee "Assume that the ¢
fe eed Wc ee “Biegae delle stablighes the: What, but the next two, lines fail to expand ee eae
| I sy Gis iMosmation: (hey “Yes” but do spot ‘And.’ We never discover: pe
II SR oe” ce og people are: All we know is that:they |. 9. 20 6 S2oxamy
ee ee anything about who or where these people are. WS SHOW Ms me hey |. Ariformation estal
ail | ee EXAMPLES: -
fo AE GE PSR aa SUITES TS ne Bot 8 SOE ET SE og SECU ESE op en Sra Pea dae ep pa ‘This-mitiation £
Phe er a a ee? BEAVER eo A Ra ng oe a a of agiiuch'about the
ee Yo PE OATEn de Alright class, take your seats for the test.”., oO deoae that Play
re A ES _ Erom this initiation, Player 1. is able to'cleay Wy ey a ee Sere een Ore
ekg eee a cathe Who @layertis a teacheraddvocio oo y establish the... | without. establis
Coie Wag ee eens hen See ME Mayer 1 18-a teacher addyeceing aoe op pe (TE Reta oe
on ETS CeO ATI oe oes ok Se ee Teacher e “2B. fe aa Le CA etre Vaart TP
ye A ARR \ neo 0 ||| eee rc (the students are takine toy ce group of students); What. ee _ about the Wher
Gc NM 8 i can begin to look for the first cic Upsoclearly,the improvisers: |. What about
Ee LTT ase reality, 7081 thing that breaks from this — a a
Ne MIM es a eSNG One bad’ ee eee EAB EAC VWNO; Mee “place the-bura
Cee eee ees ||| ee ee EXAM PLE Ge erie ‘Thema
ee ean a re BO OT Peg EU 2 EE GR ep open pable all
ee rea | ee wp Player Uwalks onstage ee fe ~Rogepbable
EEE PI NEES AL ME es EE REO ORS PARC MIN oe ee PUn Digi en peaeonp ae Pea Site Ss

COST ASA Yrs Ar ree, SA MV AP ee eS ON Ss EE oe ES aE OR OE or ne Ghee OY AND eB a REE ee Se ESO ot SEE
SELL TTS fi pit, { j f Hh f Hf HY) UR hi TP MeN [OE OB PE BUS VER RSE UG Cs Be YSN CAN REED oe ee en
