# Extracted Text from IMG_0344

**Confidence:** 42.27%

**Word Count:** 799

---

PES Ge Ree TE TURES 2 — Ves) ONT of
BEE CE GD TE i I OEE EE OEE eng OEE se Se SS ee Ee Aa EDN.
eke Fee | ee ee ee near ie words are the building blocks of every: Jo POSEY
Se eee Bt | na ere CES POSP=CE Tg 0=1N 001 8D La Ale cece ckes Se EE IRE GIT eNCR Pe a NE U eo oe sy
GT Ge We Yes And. These 7 yes" ‘refers to: the idea that you should he re ee oN
Dee ee Fall Tiong Form Imp gumation your scene partner gives you about: yoy, | BS
eee eee | veality. “BnG mation, Yes And is very important at the beginning of | ee anes Lp
SE ed WP ee Og TOL OO ae eee ee a ee an tm dene mame irae fact
veneer LS Mes the previous reves: ii allow: you: and: your scene par ter to, discovey oS
er ee | eee co ONOIYS eres och your characters exist, BRS a Ob 2\
Se OE mg Fete a ee pase reality. Un Wee eer SO eI ae eee Be
oe ee is people in-real life, we move the conversation-forwarg =)... S|
ee ee ceo ne eae ctonin response to what has already been Seneca
a sane | eee need Senne ne ey imagine that you are talking with a group of friends: Ie. oa
ig omens 2 ORT ee COM MUD Cater eee ae en a ad oh dT THE FIR
Eee oes Para tl te ea es tel di ng: stories: about their. dog; : and: you. start talking oa HE FIE FE
Be ee Wee | reer A LON cect IT Ry OT OR EO 1 Ta econ ern
ere lh aE eww goodyoulare at basketball out of the blue, youhavent ee ee
SES Me A Bare Cag Eg eas ooressIn order to. successfully --“Posbegir
= = NP added to the conversation already.in progress. Tn order to successfully fe
=| | participate in this conversation, you should offer another dog story. Yes | 0
5 1 | andis How we mirror this process in our'scene work. provide
See See fe ||| Ree me neat ese ee er er perc eee ree fortwo:
Se eae) At thé'very start of.a-Long Form scene, you:and your scene‘partner Dog nS ose
Ce oie se will have absolutely.no information about who your.characters:are, = | eae
ee ea Pe os -» what they are doing, and where they are. By following the principle rn cobalt
Bo ee Yes And, you can work together to quickly determine the base reality’ |
eo] > ofthe scene. ‘By continually agreeing with what has beenestablished |. When
ee |e and adding new,-related: information, you will establish a base ‘reality . | inaimes
ee ee ee ee || eee Bene MC’ you will be able to recognize the first unusual thing when. |  —— fashior
Papiede Te ee ee IS ee ab happens. TALS 6 Tai Gah Pa Pre DE Ne SNE al a oo tae
ee ||| pounce cea. 2 portant because the first unusual thing is the poe ee
ee ee ee || ‘moment or the people de HRe neon add details about the present a eine ane
PROP BV NM on oho Ea code EOD 1 MM Che-scene.. Do not add inforis chick Glad ey oo TR Sal
See ee “19 past, the future’ or people wt cone Aad information about the | ‘Hea
CO Be AD a : Be _ kof a Long Foim scene as a panic te. Cop SS eeu Se eS Pe the fc
ed a ae See in ise tn Blue, you wouldn't want to cee eee ore Bons to paint : cp Ee
Ce Be JA eet es SOU WOULANE pe RES ce eee ME TO: Stat With Plow we oe a
CORES BENE ee ey aut be able to differcntinte pon vite & bite canvas, Ss PON ea ‘Anith
ce P88 Foe Se ns Peo YOUN. art By @ iq coo ee ote PHATE DET WGI EE ig EE ee enrarras!
OE Pie Maen eden oof aN SE Blue doesn't show uy os ween the-foundation and ee Sena ee
6 EE PAE oe fee early communica ea cy Dwell on blue:Stape EE | Pa
OP et ee Fane Ne 8becific base pemtins «oe ooones With a ae a
CU SP OE eS ele AUD) White Garcick son ge GSE LOOT T by de ]s ie yo eS SP
RB Lo Will how ip wise eves OF Which the ty one Starting your” ee is
DES oR i Ske SO SB pe ESP Mibrantly, 7 eRe blue paint of wy ae sc pee Pa
SS BE i 8 eT OG SR Se OF Wats funny. fo
